This folder contains mostly byproducts of Quantum Espresso EPW calculations. The final result of these calculations
are several files generated by epw.x: ag.epmatwp, vmedata.fmt, crystal.fmt and epwdata.fmt.

0. Download the heavy ag.epmatwp (e-ph matrix elements) file from a remote repository:

```bash
wget http://files.ihed.ras.ru/SKiES/examples/Pd_ready/pd.epmatwp.tar.gz
tar -xzvf pd.epmatwp.tar.gz 
```

1. Prepare epw.skies.in file

One can find two versions of epw input files in this folder: epw.in and epw.skies.in.
Pay special attention to the content of the following lines:

```bash
epbwrite   = .false.
epbread    = .false.
epwwrite   = .false.
epwread    = .true.
wannierize = .false.
```

It is required to launch the inverse process of going from Wannier to Bloch representation
during the interpolation procedure. It is opposed to the Bloch to Wannier transition
made by the EPW-wannier90 routines at the first stage and controlled by the initial epw.in file.

2. Launch SKiES calculations

The full list of SKiES commands is given by the following command:

```bash
skies list
```

Also launch the following command

```bash
skies help
```

to obtain help on basic functionalities. To see help information about each specific command
launch the following command

```bash
skies help <cmd>
```

where <cmd> is the chosen command. More details about each command, its requirenments and output
files may be found in the SKiES manual.

Some examples of scripts to launch SKiES main commands
are provided in the 'skies_bands', 'skies_phonons', 'skies_transport_lowT' and 
'skies_transoport_general' subdirectories . These scripts were used to obtain the results
described in the manuscript. You may use them as a refernce for own calculations with SKiES.
